after surgery on surgery on her shins
skylar diggins inside now out to Johnson
who drives and gets the layup Tulsa
gainst the board first on the layup
unlike rebound Harris leads tulse in
that department I just turns down the
three she drives she lays it up it's in
Tulsa up to Johnson with six to shoot
faces the basket basis the drives spins
fatal a 12-footer count it lipson finds
earth and finds her still guarded by
Diggins optic Taurasi who can go off at
any time shoots from 19 and drains 18
and drains it they have the balls they
have the ball Sims loops a pass to
Diggins who drives in runner from six
bounces around and drops in 10 to six
for 45 to go in quarter go opening
quarter our producer on the all access
is kind Kyle steam bailed Sarah hill
producing on the radio side and glory
John kicked away it's kicked away here
comes Phoenix with a chance to take the
lead Taylor delete with a nice pass
inside inside the misty passed in
Phoenix has their first lead of the game
she brings it down court it's a pic from
lacey and shoots outside and hit Wow
over Cobert that was pretty Tulsa by 14
3723 Diggins on the wing drives against
Bonner stop shoots scores from 15 feet
what a nice shot by Diggins Bonner
drives the baseline fires inside and
Hooper steps in front stills it out the
sims sims against her rossi high up the
class tellanon whoa
that's highlight reel in the first
basket of the game by Sims who got
position new Taurasi at 6 foot and then
skips it past that stolen by Phoenix the
Taurasi back to yank Utahns agoda who is
foul shot is rejected by Glory Johnson
out of bounds Aaron Phillips dry or
whether Taylor drives layup on the right
side circles around the rim around the
world it goes three times and drops in
six o'clock at Naples flatbread for
rocking the shock coaches show with head
coach Fred Williams Tulsa with the ball
underneath his sams and Tulsa picks up
the third quarter here Sims with a near
steal at half court phoenix has
possession to get it down the Greiner
against Harris hands and easy to that
some sims battles for the rebound but
Phillips gets it back to Greiner who's
alone misses his shot but lays it up and
in so an offensive rebound for Greiner
mercury 16 and fast-break points the
shock 824 there's a drive inside by sams
and she got some separation and used her
body to get the raishin nice job by
Odyssey Sims with the left-hand layup
and she has nine points averaging eight
a game and in at the other end it's to
Paris retrieves it and Tulsa with eight
to shoot as Diggins driving in feeding
Hodges in the corner for three County
nice penetration by dick it's a pic from
Johnson bay bay drives in fines Paris
download Johnson with two to shoot great
pass from Courtney Paris to Glory
Johnson Williams who swipes it knocks it
away has it on the sideline down the
court she comes layup good he's done
that three scheme Tulsa with the ball
Sims gets a pic from Paris shakes and
bakes drives in and has a shot blocked
from behind nice stutter step by sims to
Paris and Courtney with a quick-release
makes it 69-58 here's a passenger
Taurasi drives inside and scores five
points in the game for Bonner is digging
stopping driving three two defenders
right hand layup good and she got fouled
by Greiner oh and what a snarl on the
face of number 4 then time with the
right hand no good loose ball underneath
Paris saves it and off to Sims who makes
the basket and got fouled and that
brings the fans to their feet just
collected her 20th point and she's 44
from the stripe tonight